README.md, before:

# [Repository Title]

*Delete this text belowed when using this template in your repository*

**Purpose**

This repository provide a template to make your software project more compliant with the [FAIR principles.](https://fair-software.nl/)

**How to use this template**

1. Create a new repository using this template.
2. Clone the reposiotry to your local machine.
3. Edit the text between [ ]. Explanations of the expected content for each section appear between [], and they should be removed. Leave text ousite [] unchanged.
4. Start coding

*Delete this text above when this template in your repository*

-----

[In two of three sentences describe what is the purpose of the repository]

[Repository Description: In two or three sentences, describe the purpose of the  repository]

## Installation

[Describe the installation and environment setup process to work with the code in each of the intended platforms (e.g. Window 10, MacOS, etc. Whenever relevant, write separate sections on installation procedures for users and developers.]

### For Users

#### [For Patform A]

**Requirements** 
- [List the software and/or technologies on which the code depends, and add hyperlinks to the sources whenever possible.]
- [State any relevant hardware requirements.]

[List and describe each step required to install the software. Use a description/example format.] [For example:]

[1. Install dependencies ]

```bash
[$ pip install -r requirements.txt]
```

### For Developers

#### [For Patform A]

**Requirements** 
- [List the software and/or technologies on which the code depends, and add hyperlinks to the sources whenever possible.]
- [State any relevant hardware requirements.]

[List and describe each step required to install the software. Use a description/example format.] [For example:]

[1. Install dependencies ]

```bash
[$ pip install -r requirements.txt]
```

### [Collaboration Guidelines]

[ Include a `CONTRIBUTING.md` files ]

### License

1. [Always decide on a license for your code. If no licensing is stated, the default of "no license" is "no one can make copies or derivative works of your code".]

[Under the current [guidelines or research software](https://d2k0ddhflgrk1i.cloudfront.net/TUDelft/Over_TU_Delft/Strategie/TU%20Delft%20Research%20Software%20Guidelines.pdf), TU Delft encourages the use of open source licenses for research software. Use the decision three below to determine if the software you intend to develop can be published as Open Source Software (OSS). You can also ask for help to the [Data Steward in your Faculty](https://www.tudelft.nl/library/research-data-management/r/support/data-stewardship/contact)]

![Open Source Software decision tree](img/decision-oss.png "Open source software decision tree")

[If using an open source license, select one of the followings **pre-approved** licences:]

[![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

[EUPL-1.2](https://opensource.org/licenses/EUPL-1.2)

[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)

2. [Include a copy of the license text in a LICENSE file. See example in the LICENSE file in this repo.]

### Citation

[Include a [CCF file (Citaion File Format)](https://citation-file-format.github.io/). See example in this repo: `CITATION.cff`. You can easily create the content of a CCF using [this tool](https://citation-file-format.github.io/cff-initializer-javascript/). ]

[CCF files can be converted to a multitude of formats, including BibTex,  EndNote, codemeta, plain JSON, schema.org, RIS, and Zenodo JSON ]

Commit message:

add 'how to organize code' section

README.md, after:

# [Repository Title]

*Delete this text belowed when using this template in your repository*

**Purpose**

This repository provide a template to make your software project more compliant with the [FAIR principles.](https://fair-software.nl/)

**How to use this template**

1. Create a new repository using this template.
2. Clone the your reposiotry.
3. Edit the text between [ ] in the README and CONTRIBUTING file. Explanations of the expected content for each section appear between [ ], and they should be removed. Leave text ousite [ ] unchanged.
4. Start coding

**How to organize source code**

[The organization of your source code depends on the progaming language and the purpose of the code. However, here are some general recommendations:

1. Organize your code in directories. Use a single derectory for source code that belongs together, e.g. for each project.
2. Use meaningful name for directories and scripts, and choose file names carefully.
3. Separate data from source code.]


*Delete this text above when this template in your repository*

[Repository Description: In two or three sentences, describe the purpose of the repository: **what is this repository for?**]

## Installation

[Describe the steps  that users (not developers) should follow to install the code in each of the intended platforms (e.g. Window 10, MacOS, etc.).]

### [For Patform A]

**Requirements** 
- [List the software and/or technologies on which the code depends, and add hyperlinks to the sources whenever possible.]
- [State any relevant hardware requirements.]

[List and describe each step required to install the software. Use a description/example format. For example:]

[1. Install dependencies ]

```bash
[$ pip install -r requirements.txt]
```

### [Contributing Guidelines]

[ Include a `CONTRIBUTING.md` files ]

### License

1. [Always decide on a license for your code. If no licensing is stated, the default of "no license" is "no one can make copies or derivative works of your code".]

[Under the current [guidelines or research software](https://d2k0ddhflgrk1i.cloudfront.net/TUDelft/Over_TU_Delft/Strategie/TU%20Delft%20Research%20Software%20Guidelines.pdf), TU Delft encourages the use of open source licenses for research software. Use the decision three below to determine if the software you intend to develop can be published as Open Source Software (OSS). You can also ask for help to the [Data Steward in your Faculty](https://www.tudelft.nl/library/research-data-management/r/support/data-stewardship/contact)]

![Open Source Software decision tree](img/decision-oss.png "Open source software decision tree")

[If using an open source license, select one of the followings **pre-approved** licences:]

[![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

[EUPL-1.2](https://opensource.org/licenses/EUPL-1.2)

[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)

2. [Include a copy of the license text in a LICENSE file. See example in the LICENSE file in this repo.]

### Citation

[Include a [CCF file (Citaion File Format)](https://citation-file-format.github.io/). See example in this repo: `CITATION.cff`. You can easily create the content of a CCF using [this tool](https://citation-file-format.github.io/cff-initializer-javascript/). ]

[CCF files can be converted to a multitude of formats, including BibTex,  EndNote, codemeta, plain JSON, schema.org, RIS, and Zenodo JSON ]
